VMware prereqs and privileges (#913)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/ref_vmware-prerequisites.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Planning_your_migration/assemblies/assembly_provider-specific-requirements-for-migration.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ref_vmware-prerequisites_{context}"]
= {vmw} prerequisites

[role="_abstract"]
Verify that your {vmw} vSphere environment meets the requirements for migrating virtual machines (VMs) to {virt}. Understanding these prerequisites helps you prepare your source environment and avoid migration failures.

Create a VDDK image to accelerate migrations. For more information, see xref:proc_creating-vddk-image_mtv[Creating a VDDK image].

Limitations::
* Virtual machine (VM) migrations fail without a VDDK image when a VM is backed by {vmw} vSAN.
* {project-first} cannot migrate {vmw} vSphere 6 and {vmw} vSphere 7 VMs to a FIPS-compliant {virt} cluster.
* {project-first} does not support migrating hibernated VMs.

Prerequisites::

> * You must use a compatible version of {vmw} vSphere. For more information, see xref:ref_compatibility-guidelines_{context}[Compatibility guidelines].

Reviewer: Display text should be "Software compatibility guidelines".

* You must be logged in as a user with at least the minimal set of {vmw} privileges. For more information, see xref:ref_vmware-privileges_{context}[VMware privileges].

> * The target namespace must have network connectivity to the {vmw} source environment. `NetworkPolicies` that block egress connections from the target namespace will cause the migration to fail.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove "will" in the second sentence.
The IBM Style Guide says, "Do not use future tense in a cause and effect sentence, but you can use it for valid future situations."

> * The VM operating system must be certified and supported for use as a guest operating system with {virt} and for conversion to KVM with `virt-v2v`. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/973163#ocpvirt[Guest operating systems supported on {virt}] and link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1351473[Supported virtual machine guest operating systems for conversions].

Reviewer: Line 23 -- the links work, but looks like the display text has changed.

Author: ```suggestion
* The VM operating system must be certified and supported for use as a guest operating system with {virt} and for conversion to KVM with `virt-v2v`. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/4234591[Certified Guest Operating Systems in {virt}] and link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/1351473[Converting virtual machines from other hypervisors to KVM with virt-v2v in RHEL 7, RHEL 8, RHEL 9, and RHEL 10].
```

* Disable hibernation on the source VMs. If hibernation is disabled, VM data might be lost if there is a power outage.

> * VMware Tools must be installed on the source VM to run a warm migration or to access the VM using a pre-migration hook. For more information, see link:https://www.vmware.com/support/ws5/doc/new_guest_tools_ws.html[VMware Tools].

Reviewer: Link to VMware tools doesn't work.

Author: VMware Tools must be installed on the source VM to run a warm migration or to access the VM using a pre-migration hook. For more information, see link:https://knowledge.broadcom.com/external/article/315382/overview-of-vmware-tools.html[VMware Tools].
